Added Spotlight instructions for Mac users (#23302)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/command_line_basics.md

In this introductory lesson to the command line, you'll learn how to navigate around your computer and how to manipulate files and directories (also known as folders) directly from the comfort of the command line. You'll soon see that this isn't as difficult as you may think. The commands you will learn in this lesson are very straightforward, so don't be intimidated by the prospect of using the command line for the first time.

#### Test Drive Your Terminal
Open a terminal on your computer.  

> - **Linux**: open the programs menu and search for "Terminal". You can also open the terminal by pressing `CTRL + ALT + T` on your keyboard.  

Reviewer: Hey, can we remove these additional whitespaces :D

Reviewer: Two newlines will force a new line to be displayed.

```
from
this
```

```
to

this
```

> - **MacOS**: Open your Applications > Utilities folder and find "Terminal". You can also use Mac's Spotlight search to open Terminal. Press 'CMD + SPACE' to open Spotlight, and search for "Terminal" and press 'RETURN' to open it.

Reviewer 2: We can drop this bit and assume it's a macOS feature givin we're in the macOS specific instructions. Also, let's get their product name right with `macOS`. :)

```suggestion
- **macOS**: Open your Applications > Utilities folder and find "Terminal". You can also use Spotlight search to open Terminal. Press `CMD + SPACE` to open Spotlight, and search for "Terminal". Press `RETURN` to open it.
```
